
title: First call for the 3rd Learning and Plasticity meeting, April 2-5,
2017, Äkäslompolo,
layout: post
category: news


Dear colleague,

I wish to invite you to the Learning and Plasticity (LaP) annual
meeting that will be organized for the third time in April 2017
amongst the fells of the Finnish Lapland! This cross-disciplinary
meeting connects psychological and neuroscience research on the
mechanisms of learning and brain plasticity.

This year our keynote speaker will be Dr. Manuel Carreiras, the
Scientific Director and Ikerbasque Research Professor at the Basque
Center on Cognition, Brain and Language. The special theme of the 2017
meeting will be adult language learning/bilingualism that is reflected
in the congress keynote and some symposia. However, as before, most of
the congress program will consist of free papers that reflect the
whole spectrum of learning and plasticity research. In conjunction to
the meeting, there will also be a workshop on the use of the
transcranial direct current stimulation method in research, led by one
of the international experts in this field, Dr. Marcus Meinzer who is
an Associate Professor at the University of Queensland.

Despite of its northern location, the congress site can be reached
e.g. by daily flight connections from Helsinki to the nearby airport
at Kittilä. The congress program runs from afternoon to evening,
enabling one to utilize the excellent possibilities for various winter
sports and other outdoor activities during the long days in early
April. Due to auditorium space and to keep the meeting highly
interactive, the number of participants is limited to 100. Please note
that you should do your travel arrangements in good time as the
flights and the night trains tend to become fully booked due to the
number of tourists coming to enjoy the unique Lappish Spring.

Looking forward to see you in Lapland in April,
Matti Laine, PhD
Head of the Organizing Committee
Professor, Department of Psychology, Åbo Akademi University, Turku, Finland

IMPORTANT DEADLINES:
-Preliminary symposium proposals by December 1st, 2016
-Abstract submission by the end of Wednesday (Eastern European Time)
February 1st, 2017.
-Congress registration for an early-bird fee by the end of Wednesday
(Eastern European
Time) March 1st, 2017

THE CONGRESS WEBSITE:
http://congress.utu.fi/lap/
